# pdksh enhanced
pdksh: public domain korn shell with configured auto completion.
---
My pdksh project is mainly focusing on interactive shells.
I use vi editing mode, so I will try to fix any bug found in it. I added supports for arrow keys and Home, End, PgUp, PgDn, so the cursor can be moved easier.

I also added programmed tab-completion, just like bash. It's kind of complicated, though, and there still may be bugs. OK, let me introduce the programmed tab-completion to you.

First of all, you may need to edit your $HOME/.kshrc to setup your tab-completion configuration. Some lines of mine look like:

<pre>
# interactive shell only
[[ "$-" == *i* ]] || return
PS1='$USER@${PWD}$ '
# list of alias and predefined function/variable.
#...
#...
#...
[[ "$KSH_VERSION" == *PD* ]] || return
# command completions
complete 'sudo=C'
complete 'git=S:add,:status,:commit,clone,:diff,:log'
complete 'svn=S:add,:status,:commit,checkout,@--diff-cmd,:diff,:log'
complete 'systemctl=F_systemctl'
function _systemctl {
	typeset ACT="enable disable start stop restart status reload"
	case $# in
	0)
		_COMPLETE=$ACT
		;;
	1)
		if [[ -z "$1" ]]; then
			_COMPLETE=$ACT
		else
			typeset -i i=0
			typeset outs
			typeset a
			for a in $ACT; do
				if [[ ${a#$1} != $a ]]; then
					outs[$((i++))]=$a
				fi
			done
			_COMPLETE="${outs[@]}"
		fi
		;;
	*)
		shift $(($# - 1))
		_COMPLETE=$(cd /lib/systemd/system;
		if [ -z "$1" ];then
			echo *
		elif echo $1* |grep -F '*' > /dev/null 2>&1;then
			:
		else
			echo $1*
		fi)
		;;
	esac
}

</pre>
As you may already figure it out. There is a new builtin command _complete_. We use the command to make customized tab-completion work as expected.

The builtin _complete_ has three kinds of arguments. listed below:

1. _COMMAND_NAME_=C
    indicates that the word following _COMMAND_NAME_ should be a command.
2. _COMMAND_NAME_=S<em>ARG_LIST</em>
    indicates that the word following _COMMAND_NAME_ should be a customized _ARG_ joined by "," and may be prefixed by ":" or "@" in _ARG_LIST_.
    
    The prefix ":" means the _ARG_ needs a file name argument, while "@" means the _ARG_ needs a command name argument.
3. _COMMAND_NAME_=F<em>FUNC</em>
    indicates that the word following _COMMAND_NAME_ should be generated by calling shell function _FUNC_.
    
    Arguments passed to function _FUNC_ is all what you have already typed in the current command line.
    
    In function _FUNC_, generated candidate-string list, should be assigned to \_COMPLETE variable. Do <b>NOT</b> print anything out, unless you know what you are doing.
    
    All variable except \_COMPLETE within _FUNC_, should be declared with _typeset_ or _local_ keyword, making them exist only within the function.


for now it does not support special char like space or quotations, anyway, almost nobody would like to use those chars as command line options!
